30150 - azurerm_function_app_flex_consumption - instance_memory_in_mbdocs update (#30198)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/function_app_flex_consumption.html.markdown

* `maximum_instance_count` - (Optional) The number of workers this function app can scale out to.

> * `instance_memory_in_mb` - (Optional) The memory size of the instances on which your app runs. The [currently supported values](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/flex-consumption-plan#instance-memory) are `512`,`2048` and `4096`.

Reviewer: Since the schema doesn't actually validate the provided value, we can remove them in favour of the link to the Microsoft documentation. We should add the default value as well.

```suggestion
* `instance_memory_in_mb` - (Optional) The memory size of the instances on which your app runs. Reference the Microsoft Documentation for the [currently supported values](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/flex-consumption-plan#instance-memory). Defaults to `2048`.
```
